So now in our architecture where we are right now,
is very very solid, it's secure.
We have security groups, we have
private subnets that are not exposing anything to the internet,
and we have public subnet,
exposing what we want to expose, in this case,
NAT service that is used by private subnets,
and we also have web services that are behind a load balancer.
One distinction that is good to make about the load balancer,
you see it's a single component.
What it's going to require that you have more than one subnet.
In fact, I can show you right now,
I'm going to look for cloud formation,
and I'm going to type "application load balancer".
We're going to click on the listing here,
this is the documentation for that.
One of the things that I wanted you to notice here is that it has
a value here that says "subnets" in the definition for a load balancer.
We're going to click "Subnets",
and in the definition for our subnets or application load balancer,
it says that you must specify at least two availability zones.
This is very important.
What that means is, even though you see as a single point of
entry or possibly a single point of failure in our diagram,
don't think that that's the case,
this application load balancer is going to be spread across two of your [inaudible].
What that means is, it is also bound to what we said earlier.
If we have a failure in one data center,
your service still going to continue to run in the other.
The same applies for the Internet gateway and the routing and the autoscaling.
Those things you can assume safely that they're not going to fail,
because they have multiple copies of those services running behind the scenes for you.